_notes/10 Notes/Documenting Meetings.md, before:

---
title: Documenting Meetings
date: 2024-06-17
category: Notes
---
### Basic Principles

1. Have a clear objective for your meeting notes.
2. Keep your notes concise without losing important information.
3. Use tools like [Toggl](https://toggl.com/track/) for time tracking, if needed. Don't spend time making notes ;)
4. Atomise meetings to create lists of information, questions, and action items. Utilise hashtags to represent them, such as `#Question, #ToDo, #Idea, #Decision, #PeopleName, #ProjectName, and #MajorFeature.`
5. Convert recurring meetings into notes and link them. For example: `[[Project A]], [[1-1 with Person A]]`
6. Use [Obsidian Periodic Notes ](https://github.com/liamcain/obsidian-periodic-notes) or Logseq's Daily page for dumping daily notes, instead of one-note-per-meeting

By doing an efficient search you can find any notes : For instance: `[[Project A]], #Question #PersonC` will take you to daily logs with notes about Project A, that has Questions and Person C. 

### File Example : 
```
File : 10-Feb-2023.md

- 11:00, Meeting on [[Project A]]
	- #Info We are not building that feature in this sprint #PersonA
	- #ToDo Update the figma, remove the feature 
	- #Question Are we updating the documentation?, to #PersonB
	- #TIL, the date we shared with client is Q3, not Q2
- 13:00, [[1:1 with Person A]]
	- #TODO Prepare next year hiring count and budget
	- #Question Ask #PersonC, if we are hiring remote or to WFO
	- #Idea, add a survey along with [[Project A]]

```
 

### My current method 

- I use journal to make live meeting notes.
- Notes are then moved to my Obsidian daily logs.
- Notes are either `Decisions` or `Questions`. (New things I learn from a meeting, are technically a decision. I don't differentiate them)
- Journal takes care of the To-Dos. (Same live meeting notes)
- For projects I use [[Changelog as a consistent communication tool]]

---
> This is the cleaned-up version of my brainstorming session with [Parvathi Mohan](https://www.linkedin.com/in/parvathimohan/), Product at Kaleyra, discussing the use of Obsidian and Logseq for work and meeting documentation.

Commit message:

Notes on Notes, Journal and To-Do list

_notes/10 Notes/Documenting Meetings.md, after:

---
title: Documenting Meetings
date: 2024-10-03
category: Notes
---
A good meeting note focuses on distillation of information. It should keep things concise without loosing important information. The purpose of meeting note is not to time track. (Use [Toggl](https://toggl.com/track/), or alternatives for that.)

Meeting notes, (if not generated from transcript) usually contains information of similar kind. Majority will be questions, answers, decisions and action to take-care. I use those phrases as hashtags in my notes. This makes it easier to read, track and  search. While next actions are captured, I don't go back and update the meeting notes. 

I prefer using [Obsidian Periodic Notes ](https://github.com/liamcain/obsidian-periodic-notes) or Logseq's Daily page for dumping daily notes, instead of one-note-per-meeting. 

### File Example : 
```
File : 10-Feb-2023.md

- 11:00, Meeting on [[Project A]]
	- #Info We are not building that feature in this sprint #PersonA
	- #TODO Update the figma, remove the feature #Done
	- #Question Are we updating the documentation?, to #PersonB
	- #TIL, the date we shared with client is Q3, not Q2
- 13:00, [[1:1 with Person A]]
	- #TODO Prepare next year hiring count and budget
	- #Question Ask #PersonC, if we are hiring remote or to WFO
	- #Idea, add a survey along with [[Project A]]
```

- [[10 Notes/Design Decision Log]]
- [[Changelog as a consistent communication tool]]

---
> This is the cleaned-up version of my brainstorming session with [Parvathi Mohan](https://www.linkedin.com/in/parvathimohan/), Product at Kaleyra, discussing the use of Obsidian and Logseq for work and meeting documentation.
